everyone and welcome back to 40 below
fruity today I'm doing a bit of a
different video usually I'm really
obsessive compulsive about creating a
list and I usually have a take right
under the camera in front of you there
so I can go okay what do we talk about
next and I have to do it in this order
and this time and and i did a video the
other day for my upcoming program and it
just it was so genuine and i feel like
my passion really shone through and i
wasn't a hearing to any kind of script
so i thought oh whatever this time
they're gonna get me as I really am and
there's nothing scripted and I actually
had to stop myself probably about eight
or nine times from trying to rehearse
this video because I catch myself in the
bathroom before I was going to bed and
I'd be going okay what am I going to say
rehearsing and I go no no this time
you're not rehearsing so here I am and
all of my unedited miss and today well
actually not today but tomorrow
yesterday I actually really don't know
but it is my three-year raw food
anniversary and three years ago i was in
the Galapagos Islands in Ecuador and I
ate vegan pizza because I wasn't
prepared for traveling and I just didn't
know how to do this lifestyle properly
and I spent the whole night vomiting yay
and so sometimes I just I'm so shocked
that I have been raw for three years
because it's something i wanted so so
bad and I try for so long that I just
sometimes look out and I'm like I raw I
made it I got through all the struggles
I dealt with bad skin and weight gain
and all these problems I made it and I'm
here and you know I didn't even know
this was my passion before I really
started 40 below fruity and I didn't
know it was something that I wanted to
do until I started it and now I just
feel I feel like a kid again I feel
happy and I feel like I wanted dead
since sing and I just love 40 blood
fruity and I loved how much you guys all
support me and subscribe to my channel
and my facebook page
and one of the comments you give me and
it's just so much fun to be here and I
just love it and I'm so grateful for all
the rough leaders who have gone before
me and it's all the information out
there on raw foods because it has been
the most incredible incredible journey
and I'm actually going to make a video
about that very students to stay tuned
for okay my whole health story and to
talk about it from the very beginning
and to the very end how long it took me
to achieve all these different things
and that brings me to something I want
to talk to you guys about and that is my
new program I just created I am so
excited about it I actually the idea
came to be in the shower one day and
we're sinking because there's a lot of
cleanses of there in programs you for
high fat raw living mostly and juice
cleanses and juice feasting and all
these programs but there's nothing
really out there for people who want a
low fat high food option and so there's
a few ebooks and free Lee's got a great
II drugs go check out her website the
banana girl calm nothing she has a
wonderful wonderful evo but I wanted to
create something that was seasonal that
would give people a chance to really
just try it out for a couple weeks and
see how they felt see what they liked
about it or didn't like about it so I I
got this idea for the sweet and sexy
spring cleanse and it is launching this
week it actually is launching today it
when you see this video it will be on my
website at forty glow freecom here's the
link you can see it right here and I am
so so so excited about it it is
everything that I have learned up until
this point everything that I have done
to get me the success on this lifestyle
with food and sleep and the water intake
and finding is with mindset to because
there are so many factors when you're
trying to find health and happiness it's
not just about what you put in your body
I know a lot of people try to just eat
right and everything else isn't really
an alignment in their life and they
struggle a bit so I put everything
together as a whole complete package and
I'm just
so excited about it jeanette kangas a
twink abilities did the graphics and
they were completed earlier this week
and i just love it I love it so so so
much this is a whole manifestation of
everything that I've been trying to do
to help all of you to be raw and to live
happy and healthy so huh just to give
you a bit of a rundown it has ripening
schedule it has meal plans and recipes
affirmations fitness information and
information about gratitude to and so
it's all the different lifestyle factors
that I include in my life to get success
and be happy and healthy and I just
wanted to give that to all of you so
thank you so much for watching my videos
and subscribing to my channels and if
any nonsubscribers are watching if you
like what I have to offer and you like
what I do here please subscribe to my
channel it's been absolutely amazing and
at so many times it is hard to believe
the 40 love fruity has been up for under
four months so it feels like I've been
doing this for a lifetime because it
just feels so right and if everything I
love so I hope you enjoy this video and
if you buy the cleanse you have three
specific videos that you are going to
get a link to that are special just for
the client's just for you and if you do
purchase it and you like what I have to
offer please put a comment in the
comment sections down below and tell
others what you think of it you can give
me good feedback sighs feedback I want
to hear it all so i hope i hope you love
it i really really do because I want to
help you be raw and be happy and or
maybe you just have a two-week cleanse
whatever you want to get out of this
program I hope you get what you're
looking for and thank you for watching
this video and I will see you next time
you